feat(BCD-419): doc for new deployment mode in bcd cli (#147)
bonitasoft/bonita-continuous-delivery-doc: md/livingapp_deploy.md

You can add a **--debug** option to enable debug mode and increase verbosity.

> You can also add a **--development-mode** flag to enable a deployment in development mode. This flag allow for more agressive replacement policy. When this flag is not provided, the default production mode will be used which means more artifacts will be preserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add a **--development-mode** flag to perform the deployment in development mode. This flag allows for a more aggressive replacement policy. When this flag is not provided, the default production mode will be used which means more artifacts will be preserved.
```

Author: same as above :+1:
